So a lot of this,
the reason I'm asking these questions is
to say, OK,
visually I know which one you know, which.
Let's see, let me get back here.
Which is your favorite chair?
So I've got one that's a clear winner.
Then I have a second one that's a short
second behind, you know,
Yep.
chair one and then chair four,
but it even it's really close to chair
two.
So what I have to do is be able to say OK.
The these are the students preferences
and then I have to have a conversation
with the teachers and say OK teacher,
this is the teachers preferences because
they are not necessarily here.
This is another question like how often
are you?
Let me see, there's a question.
How often are you moving?
Did both?
How often are you rearranging the desk?
So that question is also asked by the
teachers and so that if it is the
teachers who is moving it 80% of the time,
the fact that the students like you know.
This particular desk,
they're not moving those desks as much.
So I have to look at that.
I have to kind of really look at the
Hmm.
inside of like the teachers like this
desk. However,
some of the comments are that that it
moves too much,
Gotcha.
the wheels move too much or they're
broken or you know, something.
Something's not functioning right,
so they like the idea of this desk.
So I have to like mentally say I have to
take this data and then I have to dig
deeper and say, OK,
This is why this is preferred.
We need to start making changes to this
desk in order to make it work for.
For both the teachers and the students,
so it might be go ahead.
Did both.
Oh,
did both the teachers and the students
receive the same survey or did they
receive? They received different surveys.
No, different surveys. Yeah, different.
So are we able to see,
like if we're talking about functionality
of these desks,
is desk one the same as what the students
are talking about?
Yes, yes.
OK, so there is still link.
Like if if somebody is referencing like
the majority of teachers preferred this
whiteboard and the students say we don't
like that whiteboard because of the glare
from our perspective,
they're still they're everyone's talking
about the same whiteboard.
Yes, yes.
Everybody got the same desks and the same
OK.
chairs for students.
The teachers got a variety of the the
four classrooms got different teacher
desks and different different teacher
chairs.
Mhm.
So that is independent per that classroom.
And so that insight going into the
teacher's information is very helpful as
well to understand which ones they like,
didn't like,
but the students desks and chairs are all
the same.
So the questions that we're asking.
Mhm.
The students are a little bit different,
but the same and the same answers we need.
Like you know how,
what are your complaints about the desks?
You know,
those kind of things from a teacher's,
from a teacher's perspective and the
student's perspective.
Can we go over some of these questions
like this functionality one like what?
Insurance.
Like what are what are they?
What are they talking about?
Like when you like functionality,
what are your complaints about the desks?
So these are the all of the answers of
the students.
So it's like some of the desks are very
small.
I'm not sure some of them are too high
some of.
Mhm, mhm.
O you would be trying to find from this
like what are the students saying about
these desks?
And then what are the teachers saying
That's right.
about the desks and how does that align U?
Exactly.
That's that's what I'm trying to count.
Gotcha.
Yes,
those are the the questions and and and
results that I really need is is the ones
that are from a teacher's perspective and
from the student's perspective.
I need kind of a breakdown kind of in a
separate.
This is student's opinion.
This is teacher's opinion.
Gotcha. So for this one,
when they're talking about functionality,
what are your complaints about the desks?
Are they referencing a specific product
or is this just talking overall like your
overall experience?
Yeah.
This.
It's just these one that you showed?
Um.
Yeah,
so there's there's an image of each desk
of 123 and actually that should say 4,
the 4th one the.
The problem is that it didn't.
The answer didn't link to which one they
liked. This is one of them that's missing.
So.
Oh gosh, I I see what you mean.
So what we can say is that they are too,
too tall for the short people and so some
of them are too high and so those
comments.
Help me regardless of the of the desk
that it would be really great if these
were height adjustable to be able to
accommodate that.
And so if there's enough of those
comments, I can say OK.
That's why they're liking disk 3,
because they're talking about adjustable
height. Is that what you mean?
Yeah, like that.
Like if there were things that they'd
like to say that they would like
different or that they feel is missing,
Mhm.
like like some of the deaths are too
small, some of the deaths are off balance.
So we need to figure out some of them.
There were some comments about that they.
They need to be bigger and then some of
them, let's see,
there was one that would the casters were
falling off.
This one isn't moves easily because of
wheels on every side of it.
It's so I need to comment,
look at that and see how many comments.
Related to the casters are saying I don't
want all all of the legs to have casters,
so let's let's come up with the middle
ground of two and then this one,
the bar in the middle is is terrible,
so it is really affecting how deep they
Hmm.
can.
How they can actually sit at the table so.
Yeah, it's yeah, you like scroll up.
It's like you had two comments that are
directly about wheels not moving.
So then you would go back to the desks
Yeah.
options and be like, well,
which one is not moving?
Therefore we can say that the students
were hinting at this desk with movable
Mm-hmm.
wheels is not one that they would like.
Yeah.
And also there was that they're saying
they're they're moving around too much or
one of them said, well,
Yep.
actually there were many of them that
said that they transfer.
That means that the top.
Laminate of the desk is transferring,
you know, marker, pen, pencil.
Uh.
So that to me is not it is a function,
but it's also something that I need to
resolve like OK,
we need to come up with a more durable.
Material or a different pattern that was
on the sample.
So like I there's like a multi-layer of
reasoning for asking these questions and
it's really also.
helpful to see that the students are
saying that that it's tell that it's
transferring and this and the teachers
are saying that it's transferring.
Mhm.
So So I'm seeing comments just going
through you know these descriptions and
you know half of them are not useful but
that's okay but the ones that are are
Mhm.
Really helpful.
Like they need to be bigger.
Yeah, yeah,
it doesn't have a lot of space.
So bigger meaning, yeah.
And then this one's too big, too small,
It's uncomfortable. There's round edges.
too big, need to be bigger.
So it that's all that.
I wanted to leave that as an open comment
because some of the comments are.
Um, more insightful than others.
Mhm.
Yeah, and and and it's OK that, you know,
half of them aren't as useful,
Mm.
but the ones that are,
if we can align it with any of the
teachers comments, because these are,
we just have a lot of comments and some
of them.
Um, uh,
really put into some thought into this
and you know everybody.
Yeah, no, I mean,
a lot of these comments are like,
they're really good.
Like they wrote a lot and it's like,
Yeah, there was there was one I wanted.
I want to show you this one going down.
I really don't have the comments desk at
the end of the day.
It's a very end for the students.
I was really excited to see the overall
experience. Any other questions?
Because some of them,
you could tell some of them thought about
it, some of them.
Really didn't care, but um.
Yep. They're just like, Nope, no, no,
none. Nope, not, not, Nope, Nope.
No, no, no.
And then I I like my one of my most
favorite is we should allow phones in
Yes.
schools.
Teachers should be obligated to give us
candy cushions on the course as well.
Let us have free time 90% of the class
period.
And then this one was the most insightful.
I I hadn't really gone through all the
others,
but I don't know if you remember that
Uh.
they ended up changing the name of Lee
High School used to be Lee,
then they changed it to Legacy.
During COVID, they changed it back to Lee,
but they named it off after a different
Uh.
person who had the same name.
Um So it's kind of a trickery thing.
And so one of the students finally said
something about it, like,
why would you rename the school up to
Confederate General, which was.
It was generally Lee and it was now named
after a different Lee, but still it is,
you know, it was, it's Midland.
They're there.
They followed the the trend of the
conservative.
Mindset. So anyway,
they so some of these are good comments,
some of them like chocolate cookies,
you know,
chocolate chip cookies and all that.
But but some of them are OK.
They want bigger deaths than even the
ones that are sitting in.
So I don't know so.
Mhm.
You know,
thinking about all this of of how we can
weed through and and really just include
comments that are helpful to us.
Mhm.
So I think for this too,
I think the the best strategy for that
would probably be to isolate into themes,
like what are the themes people are
talking about and bringing up.
And that way you could then be able to
Yeah.
relate you know what types of qualitative
aspects people are talking about on the
themes like you would have a theme of
like size and like what are.
The size themes people are talking about
are are the majority of the students
saying that it's too big or is it too
small or is it just being brought up?
Cause I think then that way then you
could really grab gather those insights
like is it like mobility is a theme?
Like what are the students saying about
mobility?
Mm-hmm.
Or like transferability.
Ones like that, I think.
OK.
Would that be in line?
Because then you could see like the theme,
like comparing the theme between teachers
and students, right?
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
And then looking at that from from the
Excel perspective of how to take this
information, obviously this is.
This is the teacher,
so it's not going to be this Excel is
much smaller,
but then being able to utilize that is
that so that I don't I wouldn't have to
go through and look at each one of these.
No, no, it we make it graphical. Yeah,
make it look nice there.
OK, OK.
We could. Would we? Would we be able to?
Organize this,
you know through any of the programs that
you have or is that something that?
Yeah, yeah.
So let me let me share here and I'll show
OK.
you kind of some of these blocks that I
have that we can put all this stuff into.
OK.
So this one.
So this is kind of like our R&
B showcase block showcase.
So this was one I did for Leah and this
was talking about the different concepts
OK.
on just feedback.
So they gave out a survey and like what
are people talking about?
Mm.
And so this one's like kind of showing
the different themes.
So it's like outdoor spaces was a big
theme, separation, flexibility,
a lot of people were excited about that
visibility,
storage solutions and then like the
concerns. So it's like sound bleed,
multiple lobbies, cost of two buildings.
And this is like the number of hits that
it was in each of the responses.
M.
And then coming down and being able to
like pull quotes out so we could see all
that type of stuff and then kind of just
framing it in kind of this graphics to
where then you can come in and be able to
expand on things.
It's like different stars you could have
like different chairs.
Good.
Um.
And then we can also then have them in.
Kind of like a product showcase,
so you can also do different types of
charts. Um.
This one's kind of like, you know,
if we're gonna,
if you have like multiple options,
so it could be like chair 1234 that you
can click on it, learn more about it,
have like a price, the picture of it,
just some dimensions.
This one's like a comparison block,
so it could compare between three
different four different types,
different properties of them.
So then you can start bringing in like
the furniture aspects you know.
Mm-hmm.
OK, OK.
This is another fun one.
So this is like a block builder,
so cost builder.
So then you could start selecting
different items and then like see the
implications of it.
I could see like this where you had the
furniture game where it's like you you
put the different chairs around the table
and you could see it in real time.
Mhm.
So you can even see it like here and be
able to have people like play with it,
be like, Oh well,
we want these like three different things.
Where are we at versus one?
I feel this the survey block is going to
No.
be the most helpful for this.
Yeah, I think so too.
So do you need me to think about the the
different themes or what do you do?
Does the program do that for us?
It'll, it'll, it'll figure him out.
OK.
Yeah,
we'll give it the data and then I'll have
it run through it and generate a list of
themes on the qualitative feedbacks.
And then we could review those and then
see like, do we want to add a theme?
Is there something missing?
And then put it back through and then
it'll.
Churn it out and be able to give out the
insights on the stuff.
The the qualitative ones I don't think
are the hard ones.
I think the the more difficult ones is
trying to transcribe like what?
What are the people actually talking
about? You know,
like when someone says like, oh,
it's not mobile,
Yeah.
like what do you mean by it's not mobile?
And it'll be able to look at all of the
different.
Written responses and kind of then like
figure out what people are talking about,
Yeah, OK.
And So what what what they what it spits
you know, so.
back at us if we if we say, OK,
we need to rethink this terminology of
you know if they're if it's making an
assumption what that means is that.
Mhm.
Is that something that we we could edit
and say OK then what that means is?
Where I don't know,
I'd have to think about, you know,
whatever that is,
we'll just maybe just see it when it
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then we'll just review and and kind
comes back to us and say OK.
of iterate, iterate around it.
Just think of it like a really smart
person.
OK.
Yeah.
And then just we'll just basically just
be talking to it and.
Does it? Does it send you back questions?
Like what does this mean?
Yes, yeah, because I'll be.
So I'll be using Claude for this and yeah,
Oh.
OK.
I'll I'll have to first clean the data so
it can understand it really well.
So I'll probably just make a bunch of
different spreadsheet type of.
Files and then have it review it and then
write U kind of justice like a report of
what it found on the base piece and then
help steer it towards, you know,
finding themes and all this and then give
it the different types of visual outcomes.
And see then how what it thinks about
like putting the data into those,
like how would it be best represented?
You know,
give it some background on like who's
going to be looking at it.
Like no teachers are going to be looking
at it.
They're going to need to make like cost
decisions so that it can come back and be
Right.
like, oh, well,
do you have any cost information on these?
Like do you have any websites or cut
sheets?
The good thing is that we're not going to
use this for any cost.
Oh, perfect.
So we're not going to put any numbers in
here because this is only the project
manager will look at cost.
We will not be showing anybody anything
related to cost yet.
I think what based based off of what
these decisions are and kind of the
Perfect.
analysis,
we then can start to plug in the cost
Mhm.
into the overall budget because this was
just for classrooms we have,
you know this is 20% of the project.
Yeah.
The 80% we're not even doing surveys on.
Gotcha. OK,
well that makes it super easier.
If if you could then describe what your
dream situation would be about how people
would would receive all of this info,
like would they be like seeing graphs?
Would it be like a chart?
Would it be pictures?
And then like what types of mediums?
Uh.
And then the different types of people
who would be visiting this?
Would it be like parents, teachers,
students?
Um.
Probably only administration and um.
Project managers at this point would be
looking at this.
I mean this would be something that we we
could inform them after the fact,
but they will not be their level of
involvement. Teachers and students,
their level of involvement is a survey
and.
Being involved in the pilot.
Um, but I mean this, this could be public.
We we could, you know,
Yeah.
this could be a public kind of thing. Um.
The the idea,
the ultimate goal is to be able to
visually show them kind of.
I really like the first example you were
showing that kind of gave the level of
participation.
Mhm.
Kind of a summary of what this pilot is
for classrooms.
Mhm.
You know,
we had this level of participation.
OK.
This is how many students participated,
how many teachers we had.
And then we kind of start start from the
beginning and then just go into the
details showing, you know, this is.
Based off of the student's perspective,
these these were, I know we're blending,
but somehow we want to show what the
students said and and the ones that have
Thank you.
common comments and that a lot.
To each other might be the most
beneficial.
And then a lot of the comments that
ultimately we're not,
we're not locked into any of these four
tables or chairs.
What we want to do is we want to
understand what they liked and didn't
like and then we will customize.
And figure out what is the right solution
for that. Because miraculously,
we didn't expect that there would be only
one winner. We expected that we would,
Mm.
especially the desks,
because the desks we there's so many
different options.
Options these these being four,
we can change sizes,
I.
we can change different details of the
desk all the time.
It is what we need to know is what they
what they would like to have at their at
their desk and as a, you know,
a common collective.
Yeah.
And the function of that desk,
the positives and negatives,
the negatives are as just as important as
the positives because that that does help
us like the the the the transfer that's a
really big deal that might not have to do
anything with.
The desk,
it had to do with the laminate on that
desk and so that takes it to another
design level that helps us understand.
We need to make sure that it's not a
light surface, whatever that surface is.
I think most of them were a light surface,
so.
What we need from our side is to
understand features of each one of these
Mhm.
that were the most preferred and why.
Yep.
OK.
This is this is definitely doable.
This will be pretty exciting.
Yeah,
this is awesome and I really love the
graphics. I think.
I think that is that'll be a really great
kind of presentation and in a different
way of how we are collecting data and how
When you do that.
we can use this and.
Um, make it accessible for all.
Yeah,
and definitely being able to put this up
on that site,
you could send literally send anybody the
link and have them check it out.
So they could send it to their,
Yeah, it'd be awesome.
they could send it to their parents,
they could send it to their people.
Another aspect on this too,
and maybe if this is just like it needs
to be a food for thought thing.
Would you want people to be able to
interact with this?
Maybe in person,
because we're going to be OK.
This is another aspect. In May,
we're going to have what we're calling a
sample rodeo. So we're organizing.
For all different types of furniture
samples,
these these classrooms will be part of
that,
but all different types of of furniture
like all different like lounge pieces,
different types of.
Desks that aren't related to the
classrooms,
we're going to bring that all to Midland
and we're going to hopefully make it a
more,
we'll have a more public space so we will
have some opportunity.
To.
Provide some interaction with, you know,
giving feedback on even those pieces,
but you know and that we have on sample.
So us having results of this,
Mhm.
we will probably do another Mentimeter
based off of how successful this is.
With the sample rodeo.
OK, will we?
So I don't know what I don't really have.
That's not a real answer,
but is there an opportunity for us to and
and it might not even be at that location,
but we probably will have another.
Another opportunity to do another another
survey. Um.
Mhm.
I don't know.
Yeah, no, I think that can work.
OK.
I just don't know if if I if we need
anybody to interact with it and I'm not
sure what they would do with it. Do you,
for example,
how how have you seen it be used?
With the interaction.
I think the the only one for this would
be like if someone could like click on
something and read more. You know,
I hadn't thought about like if you wanted
them to be able to like leave feedback on
it, you know, like do you agree with this?
Yes or no? Click a thumbs up.
It clicks a thumbs down.
Yeah, yeah.
Because then you we could put up like the
four different chairs onto this thing and
then you could read what people said
about it. And then it's like, what's your,
what's your aesthetical perception on
this? Like thumb up, thumb down.
You could get the answer that you don't
want, which is always.
Yeah.
A a possibility. But yeah, I don't know,
just thinking of different,
different ways to to kind of like,
I don't know if it's a platform that
you're building that isn't, you know,
restricted by your traditional
limitations. Like what what what are you,
what would you always want it to do,
you know?
And like what would be the what would be
the dream for it and go and tackle that.
Mhm.
But I could definitely starting with the
data export and then be able to clean it
up, get some.
Key themes out of it and uh some basic
responses and then be able to put that up
on the the site tour.
It can be nice and graphical and
everything.
Yeah, yeah.
We can, we can shoot for it.
Yeah,
cause what's gonna happen is and I don't
really and Casey probably would know more
about that.
But the the process of this is is could
be a little different than the process of
like the overall building design process.
This is a much.
Smaller group that is part of the
committee, but the committee,
this would really help the committee.
So I'm thinking out loud and this
document could be really insightful to
have their interaction.
With do you agree,
you know like the positive negatives and
Mhm.
their comments because it would only be
within the furniture committee who would
participate in this and that's a smaller
group than you know, campus wide.
Mhm.
So I I could see a benefit to that for
sure.
Yeah,
you'd be way more like surgical on like
the responses that you're getting where
it's not just like Timmy doesn't like it,
Yeah.
but it's like someone who I guess is
almost like the decision maker.
Yeah, they're the educators.
They're the ones who are in the middle
and in the meetings who are making those
decisions with us. So yeah.
OK.
That's a great idea, actually.
I think that the biggest component about
all of this is you being able to this is
something we were talking with Liberty
Hill about with this whole like cost
estimating thing and This is what I so I
told Dustin I was like in this this
platform it doesn't just let you.
Like, do what you're wanting to do,
but it lets you show people that you're
doing what they're asking you to do,
you know?
So it's like when when all of the
teachers and the students are talking
Yeah.
about like, wow,
we really want bigger desks,
it's like you can put it out there and
say this is literally what you all were
asking for. It's like we're not making.
This like estranged arbitrary decision.
It's like putting it,
really putting the power back in all of
the people who are who are going to be
using this stuff, right.
And it's like all the teachers. It's like,
Mhm.
well, what are you,
what are you really wanting? You know,
it's like we we want to give you that.
And here's the platform that lets you
directly tell us what you want.
And that you know that that in itself is
great because the people on the committee
And it's like.
are not the people that participated in
this survey.
Yep, Yep.
So they need to be informed with what was
said and the process of this. So,
so the idea.
Because this will be presented to the
committee and I would assume also to the
Superintendent.
But the whole idea is that that we
because we have taken them the committee
through this process of this is what
we're doing, these are the, these are the.
We want to take them to each campus.
You decide the teacher,
you decide which classroom.
And then we have, you know,
performed one semester of this survey and
we have.
The the fall semester results and this is
what we're going to talk about and that's
how we're going to present this to the
committee.
There you go. Well,
you'll be able to give them,
give them the data that they need.
Yeah, it'd be really awesome.
OK, well I will get to work on this thing.
What do you have any deadlines in mind on
this? Like are there any important dates?
That need to be known about.
I would like to have. OK,
so I have a meeting with the project
manager on on Friday next week.
I don't need the,
I don't need this whole thing together,
but I need something to be able to say
this is what we're doing,
even if it's a visual,
Mhm.
this is what we're doing,
this is what we've collected.
This is this is our process.
So you can tell me when you think you can
Yeah.
have it done,
but also if you can get me kind of an
interim.
Yeah,
so I I think the the interim would
definitely be the themes,
the key themes and the metrics around
those.
That is is honestly just a one click of a
OK.
button.
I think the the big one's gonna be
cleaning up the data. So getting it out,
looking at it,
seeing how it needs to be transformed and
everything.
Um,
let me look at my schedule and I will
show you.
Oh boy, last week was not good. Um.
Oh, Monday is Groundhog Day.
It is.
Are we going back?
I hope not.
OK, so.
I I I could.
I could say that it's a general answer
for everything.
Yeah, I hope not. OK, let me.
I can work on this on.
Let's see if after Friday after after
noon I'll be having to do.
It.
I can work on this on Tuesday.
Hey, sounds great.
Yeah, so I can do.
Do you have any free time on like Tuesday
afternoon?
I do. My Tuesday looks pretty, pretty,
pretty decent. Yeah,
let me see Tuesday afternoon.
Yeah, I I I only have one meeting,
maybe two meetings back-to-back and
that's it. Yeah,
my my Tuesday's good like afternoon like
4.
4:00 PM.
Score sound good?
Could be 44430.
Yeah, anytime.
OK.
Yeah,
the only meeting I've got after in the
afternoon is at 2:00 to 2:30. That's it.
Can we do, can we do 3:30 to 4:30? OK,
yeah,
Yeah.
because in the morning I can work on
getting the insight pieces done and then.
After that I can do some cleanup.
Which is.
Not to him, Ben.
Yeah, I've been OK. Cool me. Oh,
I I think. Can I add you to this?
OK, I'll send an invite.
Yeah.
Boom. OK, when do you overview?
Could've gotten it.
OK.
Should have.
Should have, should have, should have,
shouldn't have, shouldn't have.
Yeah, but this is gonna be.
Yeah, we could do that, yeah.
And then I guess so for the overview,
we've been then me just kinda like
reviewing the findings that it came up
with,
seeing like where it needs to adjust and
then be able to put that in some basic
graphics and everything for to help
visualize the different answers.
OK.
Sounds awesome. Yeah, this is exciting.
Cool beans.
It's being able to to bridge that gap,
man.
It's like it's all of the because we have
so much data.
Yeah.
We have so much,
we just don't have the capacity to do
anything with it.
Yeah,
and and I really unfortunately that the
Mentimeter,
there's positives and negatives,
but the big negative is that I can't tie
the answer to the next answer,
the second answer, the follow-up answer.
You know, I I can't tie that that.
Person's answer to like the it's too big.
What's too big? Which one?
Who answered that? Who had that question?
Who liked that table? Who? You know it.
Yeah.
I can't do that.
Oh.
But I mean in this particular situation,
it's not essential that I know I have
that connection.
I think our our answers are going to help.
Define what we need out of a out of a
desk.
That's really like we're going to look at
like holistically,
Thank you.
what do we need out of this desk?
We need it to be larger, right?
Yep. What does it need to be?
Two casters, dark top, you know,
that kind of stuff with the with the hook
on the side.
For backpacks and then we're done.
And so then we've got our standard for a
desk and then the same thing with the
chair. It's it's not rocket science,
so we're we're not looking at.
You know a building and and you know it
is.
It is simple enough that we can manage
what we have.
On the Mentimeter when you had the
graphics for the.
Cheers.
Yes.
Do you have those pictures anywhere?
I do.
I have them saved in the project folder
and I can send you a link. I have.
I saved all the pictures that were in the
Mentimeter in a folder.
So it's really easy to access.
So I could I'll send you the link to that
just so you have it because it it does
correspond to the the survey.
So like tables, chairs, all those things.
So I am looking through.
This data.
Mhm.
It looks like all the questions are
stored as columns and the responses are
stored as rows.
Yeah.
Can you see my screen here?
Yeah.
So it looks like.
These.
All the dates these are the applicant
number.
And so if you pick on one.
This looks like they picked a a question
option.
Yeah.
Yeah, it looks like they're uh.
Like that's from the that one person who
answered all of the questions.
The one person.
Think so? I mean,
is this the order of questions?
Uh, the the question, which? Yeah, um.
Um.
It looks like a lot of them are blank.
Yeah,
I because those are the same questions.
Piece of furniture caught your eye first.
That's that's the same question.
089.
So it's not then. Yeah, yeah,
those aren't the questions.
That was like one question.
Which is your favorite chair?
'Cause it looks like.
No.
And then why?
Why is it your favorite chair?
And then how comfortable is your favorite
chair? Very comfortable entire class.
So the question is.
I think these are the students's answers
'cause this guy's all in Spanish.
Same, same. Oh my gosh.
Well then we're automatically getting
what we need.
Yes,
I can cross reference between like
So that that line #24 is the line #24 is
that one person survey answers.
student. I can make like student personas.
Think so.
Yeah, I don't know.
I'll I'll dig into this and see see what
this can do.
That would be amazing.
That does fill the blanks.
Yeah.
Yeah,
'cause then then we can create like
student personas.
Like, you know,
because then it's kind of like you have.
Yeah.
Like, um, middle. Like middle freshman.
Like your average high schooler.
Yeah.
You know,
like what are they most attuned to?
I'm just curious though,
'cause some of this is like.
Yeah.
In and out like someone people, I guess.
Were they allowed to leave stuff blank?
Um.
Some of them, yeah,
there were some questions that they could
leave. Um.
Well, most of them they they responded,
yes,
but there there were some they could
leave blank.
OK.
Or I could just go to the next one.
I'll I'll look back through the survey
and just try to figure out what the
structure of this thing was.
Yeah, 'cause that is, yeah,
that that being the same question
multiple times and multiple columns,
it's weird.
I I I can see what you're saying is that
really like the whole like which is the
chair and then it like because I'm I'm
you know it's it it fits me or whatever
that answer was.
Whatever that answer was.
Yeah,
'cause this is like your direct question.
Mhm.
Where it's like.
Is the most com comfortable chair also
your favorite chair?
Could be better. Yes, it's awesome.
And then it's like if you could redesign
it.
Yeah, yeah.
And that's where having that connection,
that link makes a huge difference and
saves us time.
Yeah, like this one.
From from just having to like make a
guess at that.
Yeah,
like pairing the desk and the chair
together.
Yeah.
Yeah, because that's a massive thing,
really important if we can get it.
Because otherwise I was,
I would have had to take look at the
answers and say, OK,
well here's the the general statements.
But to tie a chair,
try and answer what the chair makes it
makes it much more direct.
Yeah, and there's the grade range too,
so you could see in like the I guess.
Man,
I don't know what they're feeding middle
school kids these days, but like,
you could say like.
Mhm.
I guess they're all high school.
They're all high school.
It's just that the freshman has been
separated into two different freshman
classes and they're using two different
campuses for that.
So like Midland High School and.
Is sophomores through seniors,
but then Midland freshman high school is
only freshman.
And so it's just because they they're
consolidating all of these these
different campuses, they just.
Yeah.
Don't have the capacity in one school.
Boom like this right here,
'cause it's like,
what is your favorite chair?
They pick three and then they say,
why is it your favorite chair?
'cause it's comfortable.
Mhm.
Chair 3 because it's big.
Yeah, yeah. And comfortable. Yeah,
that's what we need. Oh, my gosh. OK,
see that that just having that
information makes it where we're gonna be
able to be even more targeted.
Yep, be able to make her better informed.
Oh my gosh, yeah, massive.
Yeah, let me let me really, yeah,
let me really plow through this thing,
'cause.
How exciting. Even more exciting. Damn it.
I know, yeah, you'll have all the data.
Yeah, 'cause then even you could say like,
you know,
you could have like a box and you could
like check, you know, like, oh,
what are Midland freshman high schoolers
saying that it's different than Lee high
schoolers?
Yeah, yeah.
Then be able to, uh,
break it down even more. Yeah,
Yeah.
'cause like these guys.
Tested all tables? Yes.
Which is your favorite desk? Desk one.
Yeah.
And and honestly,
what we would do is the ones that say no,
Why?
have you tested all 4 tables? No,
for that following answer is really moot
because it really doesn't help us if you
haven't tested.
Yeah, but then why did you?
Why did you only test the one?
So.
And they're like, well, it was the most.
It looked the coolest.
Yeah.
It's it's it was my,
it was my and a lot of them, you know,
just pick their desk and stay at their
desk. They don't venture out.
And if that's the case,
then the feedback that we get is not as
helpful unless you you really do have
answers with the people who who did test.
It's all for because they have a a better
opinion.
Mhm.
Or a more informed opinion. I'll say that.
Mm-hmm. It's a nice upgrade.
I can focus better.
Yeah, I mean, that's a direct.
That's really awesome. Oh my gosh.
Yep, it's a it's a nice grade.
I like the look,
the new look of it and then you can come
and see like.
Oh,
it made the desks look like they're more
LED drawn to in a cool design.
Yeah.
Yes, it's awesome.
They put wheels in chairs. Wheels.
Wheels look cool.
OK, that that changed everything.
Oh my gosh, I'm so happy.
Wheels look cool.
OK, I'll, I'll report back. We'll see.
We'll see how this goes.
This is gonna go cool.
OK,
this is going to be so awesome and
getting our visuals together and I'll
I'll send you the link to all of the
images that I had in the survey so you
have access to that as well.
Yeah.
Will those be organized by like question
number?
This is what chair one is or is it titled
by like Herman Miller like you like?
No, it's in. It's.
I didn't put any names on it in the
survey because they really don't need to
know. It was really just chair one,
chair two, chair three, chair 4,
because I didn't want to complicate it
for the survey.
Yeah,
you don't want to have anybody to like
But that's right.
I I mean that don't don't get hung up on
have preconceived.
on a manufacturer name.
I don't remember if I put that in the
actual JPEG because they were all in
JPEGs. I'll look at that, but.
Um.
I think it's under the pilot classrooms.
Um.
Surveys. Resources. OK, let's see. Images.
OK, I OK, yes.
So what I have them tagged as is chair
one, chair two,
chair three does have the manufacturer,
but I didn't put that in the survey, so.
The image is tied to the manufacturer so
that we actually have access to it, but.
Yeah.
OK, cool beans. Well,
I we got a lot of data.
We'll start crunching.
OK, sounds awesome.
All right, Wendy,
you have a great weekend.